Final Question App version for testing at Town Hall (#308)
highfidelity/hifi-content: marketplaceItems/questionApp/README.md

# Question App

This basic app allows you to signal that you would like to ask a question during meetings or events.

> Simply toggle the app on to put a question mark above your head. Admins in the domain can then see that you are waiting. The question mark will change color over time to show how long you've been waiting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply toggle the app on to put a question mark above your head. Admins in the domain can then see that you are waiting. The question mark will grow over time to show how long you've been waiting.
```
